Deployment preparation: (capped) `SingleRecipientGauge` (#2254)
balancer-labs/balancer-v2-monorepo: pkg/deployments/tasks/20230215-single-recipient-gauge-factory-v2/readme.md

# 2023-02-15 - Single Recipient Gauge Factory V2

Deployment of the `SingleRecipientGaugeFactory`, for liquidity gauges which forward their entire BAL allowance onto a single address.

> This version supersedes [single recipient gauges V1](../deprecated/20220325-single-recipient-gauge-factory/), featuring weight-capped gauges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version adds a weight cap to single recipient gauges, and supersedes [single recipient gauge factory V1](../deprecated/20220325-single-recipient-gauge-factory/).
```
